Rn entry 2021.04.1 (#2060)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

## April

### Weekly Release 2021.04.1

| Change                                                                                              | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Okta Sign-In Widget, version 5.5.2](#okta-sign-in-widget-version-5-5-2) | April 14, 2021 |
| [Increased authorization code lifetime](#increased-authorization-code-lifetime) | April 14, 2021 |
| [Bugs fixed in 2021.04.1](#bugs-fixed-in-2021-04-1)         | April 14, 2021           |

#### Okta Sign-In Widget, version 5.5.2

> For details about this release, see the Okta [Sign-In Widget Release Notes](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases/tag/okta-signin-widget-5.5.2). For more information about the Widget, see the Okta [Sign-In Widget Guide](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/).<!--OKTA-385739-->

Reviewer: update to general okta-signin-widget release note link 
```suggestion
For details about this release, see the Okta [Sign-In Widget Release Notes](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases). For more information about the Widget, see the Okta [Sign-In Widget Guide](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/).<!--OKTA-385739-->
```

#### Increased authorization code lifetime

The OAuth authorization code lifetime has increased from one minute to five minutes.<!--OKTA-379556-->

#### Bugs fixed in 2021.04.1

* A sign-in hint wasn’t passed to a SAML identity provider in an Org2Org configuration if the request contained a `login_hint` and an `idp` parameter. (OKTA-379879)

* When a call was made to the [User API](/docs/reference/api/users/) without permission to update a user profile’s property that was marked as [sensitive](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-hide-sensitive-attributes.htm), two error messages were returned. One of the error messages contained information about the sensitive property. (OKTA-380344)

> * When the [Create User API](/docs/reference/api/users/#create-user) request included a profile property marked as [sensitive](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-hide-sensitive-attributes, an error message wasn't returned and the user was incorrectly created ignoring the sensitive property value. (OKTA-381601)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the [Create User API](/docs/reference/api/users/#create-user) request included a profile property marked as [sensitive](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-hide-sensitive-attributes.htm), an error message wasn't returned and the user was incorrectly created without the sensitive property value. (OKTA-381601)
```
